# PyBer_Analysis
This was a very challenging assign in terms of learning many new things about pivot tables..  I was able to successfully complete part one of the challenge as well as part 2 with much assistance from the TAs.  the "fivethirtyeight" design template is a time saver in that many of the visualization characteristics are embedded in the backend programming of this style.
## Interpretation of the data
Based on what I was able to ascertain, average fares are higher in the rural cities, but because volume is so much lower, the overall profit in the rural areas is much lower.  The pivot table from part one demonstrates that, as well as the graph that illustrates much lower fare profits in the rural areas.  I would venture to say that adding more resources (drivers) to rural areas might be a possible business choice, in order to bolster profits.  This, however, would likely lower average fares per driver, as the rural market would become more competitive.
## Conclusions
The rural areas do not provide much profit to the larger company; however, the individual drivers tend to charge more.  If the CEO were to work to recruit more drivers from rural areas, there might be some increase in profits, but the per-driver income would likely decrease.  For the consumer, this would be advantageous in that fares would like decrease in response to local competition for ride business.  On the other hand, staying more focused on the urban areas would keep the income high for the larger cities.  Each choice has its drawbacks and advantages.
